A complex number is both a point and a vector in the plane.
Watch e^ sweep the unit circle as t increases.
Its projections are cos t on the x-axis and sin t on the y-axis.
The phasor keeps rotating smoothly around the circle.
Multiplying by i is a 90° rotation about the origin.
Measure the angle between w and i·w to see the quarter-turn.
Now a nonlinear map: f(z) = z^2.
Pick a point p and draw two tiny rays from p.
Their angle at p is highlighted.
Map those rays through f; curves appear near q = f(p).
Near q, tangents are given by the derivative f'(p).
These tangents define the image angle at q.
Now rotate the second ray at p while tracking both angles.
Watch the image angle follow exactly—no distortion of angle.
Angles match: that's conformality at p.
For z^2, f'(p)=2p scales and rotates locally.
Complex maps bend shapes but preserve tiny angles.